OK before we bring this into unity we need to save as a piano file that way.
Unity will be able to use it as a spreadsheet.
What a P and g file is is it's a flattened version of your photoshop file.
The difference between a p n g and a jpeg is a P and G can save out with empty space.
So everywhere where there's no color is going to save out as transparent which we need it to in order
to create our straight she animation.
We also have to recreate all of our frames and flip them so that way they're all going left.
So the way we're going to do that is first we're going to select all of our folders then we're going
to make a copy of a Next let's add a new layer underneath all of those copied folders and we're going
to fill that layer in with white.
Now you'll see why did this here in a second.
Next what we're going to do is we're going to go up to image come down to canvas and we are going to
double the size of our canvas.
We want to make sure that it adds it to the bottom of our document.
So we need to make sure that this little ball here is at the top of the document and in the center next.
Let's change this to pixels and we're going to change the height to 36 hundred to that's been doubled.
OK.
And you'll see it create some new grids down here for us to put our new frames into next.
Let's select all of our new copied folders along with this white background.
Now the reason why we filled in the background white is so we can realign all of our characters up perfectly
like so.
Now let's go ahead and delete that background.
So the way we're going to have to flip these characters is one at a time.
Now the reason why we can't just select all of our poses and flip them is because it would also flip
the animation meaning that our animation would run backwards.
So rather than him jumping up he would play backwards.
So what we have to do is we have to select each one of our poses and flip them one at a time.
Now this shouldn't take too long.
So the first thing we want to do is we want to open up our walk cycle and we're going to start with
frame 1.
Now using the rectangular murky tool we're going to go ahead and select out this grid that poses in.
Now when you select out your grid it might be a little bit tricky but with some practice you'll get
the hang of it and it should click about into place a little tip.
The further away you are from it the easier it is to select a grid shape and the easier it is for it
to click into place.
So once we've selected that grid what we want to do is we want to use the Transform Tool.
We're going to right click our image and flip it horizontal like so then we can just hit enter and that's
all there is to it.
So now we can go ahead and move onto the next one.
Make sure that you have the layer selected that you want to work on.
Go ahead and select that grid and we'll use the Transform Tool right click and flip horizontal and that's
all there is to it.
So go ahead and flip all of your poses and then we can go on to finish creating our sprite sheet.
OK so now you should have all of your bottom characters flipped.
Another thing that I did is I went ahead and I relabeled all of my folders so that they were labeled
with the left instead of right.
So now let's go ahead and save this out as a Photoshop document.
That way if we ever need to come back and make changes we can do that easily.
So we'll go file save as and then we'll just save it out as final spreadsheet
OK.
Next what we want to do is we want to turn off this grid before we save it out as a P and G.
So we're going to come up to view come down to show and then we're just going to go ahead and uncheck
grid.
Great.
Now let's go ahead and save this out as a P.
So we'll go file save as and the way you're going to change your document type is by coming down here
where it says Save As type and you're going to change it from Photoshop to pee ngi which is right here
towards the bottom.
Now let's go ahead and save that.
OK.
So great.
That just saved as a PNB.